Generate content of the knowledge base index page (#794)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/knowledge_base/tutorials/partials.md

---
title: Organize your application with Partials, Dialogs, and Panes
category: tutorials
type: video
data-keywords: gui markdown partials dialog pane

> short-description: Explore the utility of Dialogs, Panes, and partials to be efficient creating an interactive user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short-description: Explore the utility of Dialogs, Panes, and partials to efficiently create interactive user interfaces.
```
